After a year and a half, Scott, Jessica, Philemon, and Ben (two of Scott's roommates) all went ice skating.  During ice skating, a lightbulb went off in Scott's head: Jess is cute!  As a sidenote, the only two other things Scott and Jess remember about that day was Philemon doing a double axel and Ben trying to learn how to skate backwards.  A few days later, Jessica asked Philemon to drive her to a coffee shop in the morning so she could study.  Philemon, feeling lazy, refused, and Scott volunteered to take her instead.  What started out as a study date turned into an actual date (and a harrowing adventure, as Scott turned the wrong way on a one-way street and had to do something like this: http://youtu.be/_z5LXyWn3-w?t=1m9s).  After much prayer and careful consideration about the other's character, Scott and Jess decided to start a relationship :)

Over the course of the relationship, Scott and Jessica have learned that they are opposite but complementary in many ways.  Scott is very opinionated about music, movies, and books, and he seeks to find the newest, greatest thing.  Jessica doesn't care to discover new art, so she enjoys the variety that Scott brings in.  Jessica is very good and patient at finding deals; Scott isn't.  Jessica is extroverted but shy; Scott is introverted but outgoing.  Jessica encourages Scott to meet new people, and Scott makes getting to know them easier.

The crucial element of the relationship's success is each person's love for Jesus Christ.  The Christian worldview is the foundation for all decisions that they make, and how well their relationship is doing is often based on how well their relationships with their Heavenly Father is doing.

We look forward to this new season of life, and we thank you for being a part of our lives.  Hopefully, you will continue to be a part of it in the future :)


